feat(updater): add `download` and `install` js binding (#1330)
tauri-apps/plugins-workspace: .changes/updater-download-install-js-binding.md

---
"updater": "patch"
"updater-js": "patch"
---

> Add separated `download` and `install` functions to JavaScript side

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add `Update.download` and `Update.install` functions to the JavaScript API
```
